Few spacy-llm doc fixes (#12969)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/large-language-models.mdx

An LLM component is implemented through the `LLMWrapper` class. It is accessible
through a generic `llm`
[component factory](https://spacy.io/usage/processing-pipelines#custom-components-factories)
as well as through task-specific component factories: `llm_ner`, `llm_spancat`, `llm_rel`,
`llm_textcat`, `llm_sentiment` and `llm_summarization`.

### LLMWrapper.\_\_init\_\_ {id="init",tag="method"}

> #### Example
>
> ```python

> > # Construction via add_pipe with the default GPT3.5 model and an explicitly defined task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> # Construction via add_pipe with the default GPT 3.5 model and an explicitly defined task
```
